MTA-6811, 6812, 6813, 6814, 6815, 6816 CQA April Developer Lightspeed work (#357)
migtools/mta-documentation: assemblies/developer-lightspeed-guide/assembly_run-dev-lightspeed-analysis.adoc

:context: run-dev-lightspeed-analysis

[role="_abstract"]

> After you complete the configurations, the next step is running an analysis to identify the issues in the code and generate suggestions to resolve the issues. 

Reviewer: Same why and what
```suggestion
After configuring the {mta-dl-full}, run an analysis of your application to identify code issues and generate resolution suggestions. 
```

When you request code fix suggestions, {mta-dl-plugin} performs the following tasks:

> * Streams LLM messages that describe the issue description, resolution, and the file in which {mta-dl-plugin} applies the updates.

Reviewer: Reducing wordiness
```suggestion
* Streams LLM messages that describe the issue, the resolution, and the file the {mta-dl-plugin} updates.
```
